Add token note (#1)
Siteimprove/pr-command: README.md

          commit-message: ''
```
<!-- end usage -->

## Note: Token
An authentication token is required in order to fetch the repository and add reactions on the comment.
If you use the action in a personal repository, you can create a [PAT](https://github.com/settings/tokens) (Personal access token).

> If you use the aciton in an organisation, you probably want to use a PAT from an organizational user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the action in an organization, you probably want to use a PAT from an organizational user.
```

Reviewer: organisation/organization is of course a matter of choice, but I think as a company we use american spelling (and you also write 'organizational'

> If you use the action in an organisation, you probably want to use a PAT from an organizational user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the action in an organization, you probably want to use a PAT from an organizational user.
```
